guide/add-board-from-another-project.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
parent: Use Boards
title: Reuse a Board from another Project
page_title: Reuse a Board from another Project
description: Learn how to create Boards within a project and track progress.
permalink: boards/add-existing-board/
---
# Reuse a Board from another Project
{: .no_toc }

Every time your team works on a new project, they don't have to spend time re-creating their workflow from scratch. 
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

Your dev team can simply add their board from their previous project and start working on the new project without any fuss.

---

## <u>How to add boards used in other projects to your current project?</u>

- When inside the project, click on the <b>(+)</b> next to Boards on the left sidebar.

![Click + button to create Boards in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-boards-create.png "Click + button to create Boards")

- From the Add Board popup, you can choose to add existing boards that are being used in other projects to this project by selecting them from the popup.

- After selecting the boards you want to add to your project, click on “Add Board” button.

![Click + button to create Boards in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-add-boards.png "Click + button to create Boards")

After clicking on Add Board, boards you selected (along with their status columns) will be added to your current project and can be used to set statuses for all items in your project.

Commit message:

Doc layout update (#34)
* guide layout changes

guide layout changes

* updated content for external links post with images. changed meta copy

* font size change

font size change

Co-authored-by: Saicharan <saicharan14996@gmail.com>

guide/add-board-from-another-project.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
parent: Use Boards
title: Reuse a Board from another Project
page_title: Reuse a Board from another Project
description: You can re-use a board that was already created from another project in Zepel. Learn how to do it with this guide.
permalink: boards/add-existing-board/
---
# Reuse a Board from another Project
{: .no_toc }

Every time your team works on a new project, they don't have to spend time re-creating their workflow from scratch. 
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

Your dev team can simply add their board from their previous project and start working on the new project without any fuss.

---

## <u>How to add boards used in other projects to your current project?</u>

- When inside the project, click on the <b>(+)</b> next to Boards on the left sidebar.

![Click + button to create Boards in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-boards-create.png "Click + button to create Boards")

- From the Add Board popup, you can choose to add existing boards that are being used in other projects to this project by selecting them from the popup.

- After selecting the boards you want to add to your project, click on “Add Board” button.

![Click + button to create Boards in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-add-boards.png "Click + button to create Boards")

After clicking on Add Board, boards you selected (along with their status columns) will be added to your current project and can be used to set statuses for all items in your project.
