guide/engineering-manager.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 1
title: How engineering managers use Zepel to plan and ship features
description: Learn how engineering managers use Zepel to work with product managers to plan features and manage the workload of the engineering team to route work efficiently.
permalink: use-cases/engineering-managers/
nav_exclude: true
---
# How engineering managers use Zepel
{: .no_toc }

Engineering managers take features, break it down to actionable chunks of work and manage the engineering team to ensure the feature is built with efficiency.


Since engineering managers work with both the product manager and the entire engineering team, their focus often shifts between strategy and managing personnels.

In this article, we'll see how engineering managers use Zepel to manage workload within their team while working with product managers to define the strategic execution of the feature.

---

## 1. Create a Project for your team

As an engineering manager, you'd want to house all the features your team will be working on under one single project. 

A project in Zepel is usually a team, like Engineering, Backend, or Frontend. But if you choose to name your project after a product or an initiative, such as Web App or Android or iOS, that works too.

[IMG]

While creating your project, add Boards your team will use to move items across statuses. If you find your project needs more Boards as your team makes progress on the feature, you can add them from within the project.

[Learn how to create a project ->]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-your-first-project.md %})

---

## 2. Create a List for your feature and prioritize

Once a project is created for your team, add a List for each feature your team will be working on. 

A list houses all actionable items - user stories, tasks, subtasks, bugs, and enhancements - for a specific feature. 

Normally, the [product manager]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/product-manager.md %}) would create Lists and add all the required [user stories]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-work-items.md %}). 

Once the product manager has added all the required user stories and [descriptions]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/description.md %}) to each feature, you can sit together to give a high level estimate of how long each feature could take and help the product manager prioritize features using the Kanban view.

[IMG]

---

## 3. Bring in team members to estimate user stories

Collaborate with team members and start breaking down user stories into actionable subtasks based on the acceptance criteria added in the description area. Breaking down user stories into subtasks will give your team clarity and help them estimate better.

With the help your team members, [give each user story an estimate]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/add-properties.md %}) after discussing with your team on the how they'll execute them.

Based on the estimates provided by you and your team, the product manager can now add priority to key user stories from the advanced filter page, and help you and your team focus on the things that are important.

[IMG]

---

## 4. Delegate prioritized work to team members

Once key user stories are prioritized the product manager will give the list an owner, duration, and a status. 

The owner for the list is usually the person who will oversee the specific feature and ensure its completion within the duration. Depending on how your organization is structured, that could be the engineering manager as well.

When its time to begin working on the feature, you can start assigning the prioritized set of user stories and enhancements to your team members.

Answer questions to team members on specific items using [comments]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/comments.md %}) and give them all the information they need to build the feature. 

[IMG]

---

## 5. Track progress of the feature and manage workload

As your team work on the features and make progress, get a quick progress update of how your feature has progressed from Lists Overview.

[IMG]

Use the advanced filters from within your team's Board to drill in and see how much work each member is working on. That way, you know exactly how much work each member is working on along with their statuses.

Now, you can see each team member's bandwidth in one view and know who has capacity to work on more items and who is overloaded.

This will help you quickly manage your team's workload and route work efficiently.

[IMG]

Commit message:

New pages/version control system (#14)
* add page for event handlers setup

* added links

* edited description

* copy changes

* added new pages

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

guide/engineering-manager.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 1
title: How engineering managers use Zepel to plan and ship features
page_title: How engineering managers use Zepel to plan and ship features
description: Learn how engineering managers use Zepel to work with product managers to plan features and manage the workload of the engineering team to route work efficiently.
permalink: use-cases/engineering-managers/
nav_exclude: true
---
# How engineering managers use Zepel
{: .no_toc }

Engineering managers take features, break it down to actionable chunks of work and manage the engineering team to ensure the feature is built with efficiency.


Since engineering managers work with both the product manager and the entire engineering team, their focus often shifts between strategy and managing personnels.

In this article, we'll see how engineering managers use Zepel to manage workload within their team while working with product managers to define the strategic execution of the feature.

---

## 1. Create a Project for your team

As an engineering manager, you'd want to house all the features your team will be working on under one single project. 

A project in Zepel is usually a team, like Engineering, Backend, or Frontend. But if you choose to name your project after a product or an initiative, such as Web App or Android or iOS, that works too.

[IMG]

While creating your project, add Boards your team will use to move items across statuses. If you find your project needs more Boards as your team makes progress on the feature, you can add them from within the project.

[Learn how to create a project ->]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-your-first-project.md %})

---

## 2. Create a List for your feature and prioritize

Once a project is created for your team, add a List for each feature your team will be working on. 

A list houses all actionable items - user stories, tasks, subtasks, bugs, and enhancements - for a specific feature. 

Normally, the [product manager]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/product-manager.md %}) would create Lists and add all the required [user stories]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-work-items.md %}). 

Once the product manager has added all the required user stories and [descriptions]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/description.md %}) to each feature, you can sit together to give a high level estimate of how long each feature could take and help the product manager prioritize features using the Kanban view.

[IMG]

---

## 3. Bring in team members to estimate user stories

Collaborate with team members and start breaking down user stories into actionable subtasks based on the acceptance criteria added in the description area. Breaking down user stories into subtasks will give your team clarity and help them estimate better.

With the help your team members, [give each user story an estimate]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/add-properties.md %}) after discussing with your team on the how they'll execute them.

Based on the estimates provided by you and your team, the product manager can now add priority to key user stories from the advanced filter page, and help you and your team focus on the things that are important.

[IMG]

---

## 4. Delegate prioritized work to team members

Once key user stories are prioritized the product manager will give the list an owner, duration, and a status. 

The owner for the list is usually the person who will oversee the specific feature and ensure its completion within the duration. Depending on how your organization is structured, that could be the engineering manager as well.

When its time to begin working on the feature, you can start assigning the prioritized set of user stories and enhancements to your team members.

Answer questions to team members on specific items using [comments]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/comments.md %}) and give them all the information they need to build the feature. 

[IMG]

---

## 5. Track progress of the feature and manage workload

As your team work on the features and make progress, get a quick progress update of how your feature has progressed from Lists Overview.

[IMG]

Use the advanced filters from within your team's Board to drill in and see how much work each member is working on. That way, you know exactly how much work each member is working on along with their statuses.

Now, you can see each team member's bandwidth in one view and know who has capacity to work on more items and who is overloaded.

This will help you quickly manage your team's workload and route work efficiently.

[IMG]
