guide/github-integration.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: Integrations
has_children: false
title: Integrating Github with Zepel
description: Integrate your Zepel account with Github to link items to pull requests.
permalink: integrations/github/
---
# How to integrate Github with Zepel?

{: .no_toc }

Sometimes your dev team can merge and close a pull request, but forget to complete the task. That can leave you with outdated information. With Zepel's Github integration, your developers can now simply close a pull request and Zepel will complete the task for them.

In this article, we'll see how you can set up your Zepel account to integrate with your Github repository.

## Integrate Zepel with Github

* Once you're in your Zepel account, on the top left corner, click on your Account's name.
* From the dropdown, click on "**Account Settings**".

![Click on Settings & Members from Accounts dropdown](/guide/assets/uploads/account-settings.png "Account Settings")

* In the "**Account Settings**" popup, head over to the "**Integrations**" tab. You'll find a list of all Integrations available in Zepel in this tab.

![Head over to Integrations tab in Account Settings](/guide/assets/uploads/integrations-tab.png "Integrations tab in Account Settings")

* Click on the "**Enable**" button next to Github.
* Now, login to your Github account and visit the repository you want to connect with your Zepel account.
* From your repository's settings, visit Webhooks tab.
* Click on "**Add webhook**" button.

![Add Zepel Webhook to Github](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhook.png "Add Github Webhook")

* Copy the "**Webhook URL**" that is generated in your Zepel account and paste it in the "**Payload URL**" field in Github.
* Copy the "**Webhook Secret**" that is generated in your Zepel account and paste it in the Secret field in Github.

![Add URL to Github Webhook](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhooks.png "Github Webhooks")

* Since Zepel integrates only with pull request closed event, under "**Which events would you like to trigger this webhook?**", select "**Let me select individual events**".
* Now, uncheck "**Pushes**" and select "**Pull requests**".

![Github Webhook Events](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhook-events.png "Github Webhook Events")

* Click on "**Add Webhook**".

Your Zepel account is now integrated with your Github repository. Read how you can [complete tasks every time you close a pull request]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/complete-with-github.md %}).

Commit message:

New pages/version control system (#14)
* add page for event handlers setup

* added links

* edited description

* copy changes

* added new pages

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

* copy changes

guide/github-integration.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 2
parent: Integrations
has_children: false
title: How to integrate Github with Zepel
page_title: Github
description: Integrate your Zepel account with Github to link items to pull requests.
permalink: integrations/github/
---
# How to integrate Github with Zepel?

{: .no_toc }

Sometimes your dev team can merge and close a pull request, but forget to complete the task. That can leave you with outdated information. With Zepel's Github integration, your developers can now simply close a pull request and Zepel will complete the task for them.

In this article, we'll see how you can set up your Zepel account to integrate with your Github repository.

__Before you begin:__ Ensure that you have Admin permissions for the GitHub repository.

## Integrate Zepel with Github

* Once you're in your Zepel account, on the top left corner, click on your Account's name.
* From the dropdown, click on "**Account Settings**".

![Click on Settings & Members from Accounts dropdown](/guide/assets/uploads/account-settings.png "Account Settings")

* In the "**Account Settings**" popup, head over to the "**Integrations**" tab. You'll find a list of all Integrations available in Zepel in this tab.

![Head over to Integrations tab in Account Settings](/guide/assets/uploads/integrations-tab.png "Integrations tab in Account Settings")

* Click on the "**Enable**" button next to Github.
* Now, login to your Github account and visit the repository you want to connect with your Zepel account.
* From your repository's settings, visit Webhooks tab.
* Click on "**Add webhook**" button.

![Add Zepel Webhook to Github](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhook.png "Add Github Webhook")

* Copy the "**Webhook URL**" that is generated in your Zepel account and paste it in the "**Payload URL**" field in Github.
* Copy the "**Webhook Secret**" that is generated in your Zepel account and paste it in the Secret field in Github.

![Add URL to Github Webhook](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhooks.png "Github Webhooks")

* Under "**Which events would you like to trigger this webhook?**", click on the radio-button "**Let me select individual events**".

![Select Webhook Events](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-select-events.png "Click on the radio-button")

* Now, select "**Pushes**" and "**Pull requests**".

![Github Webhook Events](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-github-integration-webhook-events.png "Github Webhook Events")

* Click on "**Add Webhook**".

Your Zepel account is now integrated with your Github repository. 

---

**Read Next:** 

1. [Learn how to link item to a branch.]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-branch.md %})
1. [See how to link a Zepel item to commit.]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-commit.md %})
1. [Read how to associate an item to a pull request.]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-pull-request.md %})
1. [How to automatically move items based on your Git workflows.]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/setup-git-automation.md %})
1. [Open pull requests from within Zepel]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/open-pull-request.md %})
