guide/set-board-statuses.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
parent: Work with Teams
title: Set Board Statuses
page_title: Set Board Statuses
description: Set and update Board statuses, so everyone knows where each work stands and is always in sync.
permalink: working-with-teams/board-statuses/
---
# Update Board Statuses

Adding statuses to your work items help the entire team stay updated on your progress. 

By default, all projects will have a Default Board with ```Todo```, ```In Progress```, ```Resolved```, and ```Done``` statuses. You can add a new Board in your project to match statuses with your workflow.

[Learn how to add Boards into your project ->]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/boards.md %})

### <u>Using Keyboard</u>
{: .no_toc }
- With the cursor on the item you want to update a status for, type ```/b``` to push the work item to a specific Board.
- From the drop down, select the status.

![Type /b to set statuses to work items](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-status-with-keyboard.gif "Set Status using Keyboard")

---

### <u>Using Mouse</u>
{: .no_toc }
- From the Feature, right click on the item you want to the update status.
- Select the flag icon from the item menu.
- From the drop down suggestion, select a status to update the item's status.

![Right click on an item to set status to work items](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-status-with-mouse.gif "Set Status using Mouse")

---

### <u>Using Single Item Popup</u>
{: .no_toc }
- Hover on any item inside your Feature. 
- Click on the ```Expand Item``` icon from the right side of an item.

![Click on Expand Item icon](/guide/assets/uploads/expand-item.png "Expand Item Icon")

- On the top, click on Board to open the dropdown.
- From the drop down suggestion, select a status to update the item's status.

![Zepel's single item popup to add properties](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-popup.png "Single Item Popup")

__Pro Tip:__ As team members move items from one status to another from their Board, you can see how an entire feature is shaping up from within your Feature.

Commit message:

Doc layout update (#34)
* guide layout changes

guide layout changes

* updated content for external links post with images. changed meta copy

* font size change

font size change

Co-authored-by: Saicharan <saicharan14996@gmail.com>

guide/set-board-statuses.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
parent: Work with Teams
title: Set Board Statuses
page_title: Set Board Statuses
description: Set and update Board statuses, so everyone knows where each work stands and is always in sync.
permalink: working-with-teams/board-statuses/
---
# Update Board Statuses

Adding statuses to your work items help the entire team stay updated on your progress. 

By default, all projects will have a Default Board with ```Todo```, ```In Progress```, ```Resolved```, and ```Done``` statuses. You can add a new Board in your project to match statuses with your workflow.

[Learn how to add Boards into your project ->]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/boards.md %})

### <u>Using Keyboard</u>
{: .no_toc }
- With the cursor on the item you want to update a status for, type ```/b``` to push the work item to a specific Board.
- From the drop down, select the status.

![Type /b to set statuses to work items](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-status-with-keyboard.gif "Set Status using Keyboard")

---

### <u>Using Mouse</u>
{: .no_toc }
- From the Feature, right click on the item you want to the update status.
- Select the flag icon from the item menu.
- From the drop down suggestion, select a status to update the item's status.

![Right click on an item to set status to work items](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-status-with-mouse.gif "Set Status using Mouse")

---

### <u>Set Board Status in Bulk</u>
{: .no_toc }
- From within the Feature, left-click and drag the mouse to mult-select items.
- This will open the item menu. Select the flag icon from the item menu.
- From the drop down suggestion, select a status to update the item's status.

---

### <u>Using Single Item Popup</u>
{: .no_toc }
- Hover on any item inside your Feature. 
- Click on the ```Expand Item``` icon from the right side of an item.

![Click on Expand Item icon](/guide/assets/uploads/expand-item.png "Expand Item Icon")

- On the top, click on Board to open the dropdown.
- From the drop down suggestion, select a status to update the item's status.

![Zepel's single item popup to add properties](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-popup.png "Single Item Popup")

__Pro Tip:__ As team members move items from one status to another from their Board, you can see how an entire feature is shaping up from within your Feature.
