guide/setup-git-automation.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 5
parent: Integrations
has_children: false
title: Setup Git Workflow Automation
page_title: Setup Git Workflow Automation
description: Learn how to set up workflow triggers for Github, Bitbucket, and Gitlab in Zepel to automatically update statuses of linked items.
permalink: integrations/setup-git-workflow-automation/
---
# Setting up triggers to automate workflows for Github

{: .no_toc }

__Before you begin:__ 
- Ensure that you've [enabled the integration for Github]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/github-integration.md %}).
- Ensure that you've linked an item to at least a [commit]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-commit.md %}), [pull request]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-pull-request.md %}), or a [branch]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-branch.md %}).

---

With the Zepel's integration with GitHub, you can move any item from one status to another in a board, or even from one board to another while staying in your regular workflow. 

The event handlers in Zepel are setup on a per project basis.

<!-- * To configure event handlers in your project make sure that you've first enabled the integration for [Github]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/github-integration.md %}), [Bitbucket]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/bitbucket-integration.md %}), or [GitLab]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/gitlab-integration.md %}). -->

* Once you've enabled the integration, go to the project for which you want to setup event handlers.

* Click on "**Git Workflow Automation**" from the left sidebar.

![Click on Git Workflow Automation from sidebar](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

* Select the event you would like to listen for. Currently Zepel supports "**Pull request opened**", "**Pull request merged**", and "**Commit added**" events.

* If you would like to setup this event for any branch, select "**Any**". If you're using a multi-branch development workflow, you can choose to enter the name of the branch where this event will occur.

**Note:** Branch names are case sensitive.

![Create Git Workflow Automation](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-create-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

* Next, select the status to which you'd like to move the linked item to when the event you selected occurs. If you have more than one board within the project, the menu will auto populate with all the boards and its respective statuses for you to select.

* Click "**Create**" to create this event handler.

* You can create more event handlers and streamline your entire development process by clicking on "**Add new**".

![Add new Git Workflow Automation](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-add-new-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

---

__Further Reading:__ 

1. [Link item to a branch]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-branch.md %})
1. [Link item to commit]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-commit.md %})
1. [Link item to a pull request]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-pull-request.md %})
1. [Open pull requests from within Zepel]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/open-pull-request.md %})

Commit message:

Bitbucket and Gitlab integration docs (#20)
* Improvement/bitbucket (#18)

* copy changes for bitbucket

* copy changes

* Improvement/gitlab (#19)

* copy changes related to gitlab integration

* removed commented lines

Co-authored-by: svikashk <vikashkoushik@gmail.com>

* fixed a type

* copy change

Co-authored-by: svikashk <vikashkoushik@gmail.com>

guide/setup-git-automation.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 5
parent: Integrations
has_children: false
title: Setup Git Workflow Automation
page_title: Setup Git Workflow Automation
description: Learn how to set up workflow triggers for GitHub, Bitbucket, and GitLab in Zepel to automatically update statuses of linked items.
permalink: integrations/setup-git-workflow-automation/
---

# Setting up triggers to automate workflows for Github, Bitbucket, and GitLab

{: .no_toc }

__Before you begin:__ 
- Ensure that you've enabled the integration for [Github]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/github-integration.md %}), [Bitbucket]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/bitbucket-integration.md %}), or [GitLab]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/gitlab-integration.md %}).
- Check to see that you have linked at least one item to a [commit]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-commit.md %}), [pull request]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-pull-request.md %}), or a [branch]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-branch.md %}).

---

With the Zepel's integration with GitHub, you can move any item from one status to another in a board, or even from one board to another while staying in your regular workflow. 

The event handlers in Zepel are setup on a per project basis.

* Once you've enabled the integration, go to the project for which you want to setup event handlers.

* Click on "**Git Workflow Automation**" from the left sidebar.

![Click on Git Workflow Automation from sidebar](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

* Select the event you would like to listen for. Currently Zepel supports "**Pull request opened**", "**Pull request merged**", and "**Commit added**" events.

* If you would like to setup this event for any branch, select "**Any**". If you're using a multi-branch development workflow, you can choose to enter the name of the branch where this event will occur.

**Note:** Branch names are case sensitive.

![Create Git Workflow Automation](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-create-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

* Next, select the status to which you'd like to move the linked item to when the event you selected occurs. If you have more than one board within the project, the menu will auto populate with all the boards and its respective statuses for you to select.

* Click "**Create**" to create this event handler.

* You can create more event handlers and streamline your entire development process by clicking on "**Add new**".

![Add new Git Workflow Automation](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-add-new-git-workflow-automation.png "Git Workflow Automation")

---

__Further Reading:__ 

1. [Link item to a branch]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-branch.md %})
1. [Link item to commit]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-commit.md %})
1. [Link item to a pull request]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/link-item-to-pull-request.md %})
1. [Open pull requests from within Zepel]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/open-pull-request.md %})
