guide/using-progress.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
parent: Track Feature Progress
title: Using Progress to Track Features
page_title: Using Progress to Track Features
description: View your work items just the way you want with Zepel's desktop widget.
permalink: track-progress/using-progress/

---
# How to use Progress?
{: .no_toc }

Progress is built on items and Features, the actionable chunks of Zepel, so it’s always clear on who is responsible for each piece of work, when it’s due, and how it bubbles up to progress of your feature across teams.

In order to start seeing progress of features, there should be _at least_ one [Feature created]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-and-organizing-features-inside-your-project.md %}) within your project.

![At least one Feature must be created to view Progress in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-progress-one-feature.png "Feature Progress with one Feature")

Once you've created Features that your team will be working on, you can then set:

- An owner who will oversee the completion of the feature
- Duration to specify a deadline, and
- A Status to keep everyone updated on the status of the feature.

As your team continues to work on the features, you can then plan and track features using [different views]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/progress-views.md %}).

Commit message:

Doc layout update (#34)
* guide layout changes

guide layout changes

* updated content for external links post with images. changed meta copy

* font size change

font size change

Co-authored-by: Saicharan <saicharan14996@gmail.com>

guide/using-progress.md, after:

---
layout: default
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
parent: Track Feature Progress
title: Using Progress to Track Features
page_title: Using Progress to Track Features
description: Don't just track tasks. Track an entire feature and see how much progress you've made across teams. Learn how to do it in Zepel.
permalink: track-progress/using-progress/

---
# How to use Progress?
{: .no_toc }

Progress is built on items and Features, the actionable chunks of Zepel, so it’s always clear on who is responsible for each piece of work, when it’s due, and how it bubbles up to progress of your feature across teams.

In order to start seeing progress of features, there should be _at least_ one [Feature created]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/creating-and-organizing-features-inside-your-project.md %}) within your project.

![At least one Feature must be created to view Progress in Zepel](/guide/assets/uploads/zepel-progress-one-feature.png "Feature Progress with one Feature")

Once you've created Features that your team will be working on, you can then set:

- An owner who will oversee the completion of the feature
- Duration to specify a deadline, and
- A Status to keep everyone updated on the status of the feature.

As your team continues to work on the features, you can then plan and track features using [different views]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}{% link guide/progress-views.md %}).
